Updated data-context-overview.md and add-org-data-overview.md (#449)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: content/add-organize-data/add-org-data-overview.md

---
uid: lpaddorgdata
---

# Add and organize data

OCS provides a variety of methods to collect and organize data. You can transfer data to OCS directly from PI Server or from an external application.
In the Sequential Data Store (SDS) you can store, retrieve, and organize any type of streaming data.
You can attach meaning to data by using the following features.

+ Define assets that organize and visualize status and measurements of data.

> + Create metadata rules that enable you to capture data streams based on specific data items, such as a plant location or device category.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Create metadata rules that enable you to identify data streams that match a stream naming pattern, and use the rules to add metadata to the streams.

```

Author: Good change - thank you!
